Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's almost 1:00.
I'm trying to get some information here.
There's something in this Mattawin
quarterly report that I can't figure out.
Bill... it's not like I'm looking at porn.
This is about our retirement money.
Well, I wish it was porn.
It might inspire you to come to bed.
I'll be there in five minutes.
I got this off the web.
It looks like Tuxedo Hill's hedged losses
are coming back to Mattawin.
I can't understand how that happened.
They've got the biggest accounting
firm in the world doing their books.
I'm sure they understand how it happened.
But, don't hedged losses have to
have a locked-in sales value?
I've been your broker
for 10 years, and God bless you,
you're the biggest pain in the ass.
I'm just trying to understand what
these quarterly reports are saying.
They send them to me to read,
they should make sense, no?
I'm supposed to talk to my guy
at Mattawin tomorrow.
I'll see what he says.
Usually when brokers tell me they
have complaints from shareholders,
I don't pay attention,
but Venturelli's a smart guy.
Have you discussed this with anyone else?
No, maybe the lawyers can come up
with some language before the
next earnings estimates come out.
All right, Harold, thank you.
I'll look into this.
Ms. Dawson, the plumbing contractor's
calling. He's out at the house.
Put him through. Thank you. Okay.
The hedged losses are one thing.
The bigger problem is
how the company's stock
is being used to generate a gain.
I'm not sure I follow.
Mr. Troy, this method
of calculating earnings
violates the basic tenets of accounting.
It might even be illegal.
This is a missile aimed
at the heart of the company.
Mattawin may implode because of it.
I put it all in this memo.
I think we should delay releasing our
earnings estimate until this is resolved.
Thank you, Elizabeth.
I finalized the earnings estimate.
I'm about to send it around for signatures.
Elizabeth Dawson was just in my office.
You should read this, Jack.
- Thank you so much for watching her tonight.
- No problem.
See you tomorrow.
Aw, they're not open yet.
Aw, I still got to take a leak.
Hey, what are you doing here?
There's a little girl over here!
Where are your parents?
What's this in your pocket?
It's a business card for an Elizabeth Dawson.
Come on, honey, let's get you warmed up.
Oh, jeez. Her coat's covered in blood.
She was brought in about 45 minutes ago.
She hasn't said boo to anybody.
Have you tried calling Ms. Dawson?
We called the office number on the
card, got an answering machine.
There was blood on her parka?
It's not hers. She has no injuries.
She just told us her name. Jennifer.
Jennifer.
“Jennifer Juniper.”
Your mommy ever call you that?
Jennifer, do you know where your mommy is?
Mommy's hurt in the head.
When you were with Mommy, what did you see?
Everything was dark.
Were your ears working?
- What did you hear?
- I heard birdies.
And what about your little nose...
Could you smell anything?
Mommy was stinky.
Well, what did she smell like?
Like fireworks.
They found her. Off Richmond Avenue.
Four miles from the diner.
She's alive. They're just
getting her out now.
Her leg was trapped under the steering.
Jen--
- Where's her other glove?
- She wasn't wearing it.
All right. Let's go.
- You smell booze on her?
- No.
I don't smell gunpowder in here.
I didn't smell it on her either.
It might have dissipated during
the time she was lying here.
Or the kid made it up.
Kids don't make up that stuff.
Fancy mints.
I want a CSU team to go through this vehicle
for prints, blood, fibers.
And I want Ms. Dawson
checked for gunpowder residue.
Kids don't make up that stuff.
The last thing I remember...
I picked up Jennie from our nanny's house.
I strapped her into her car seat.
Then nothing.
I heard Jennie crying...
The car was in the ditch.
How did Jennie get out?
Me, I unhooked her.
I thought nobody would find us.
I told Jennie to go get help.
She was so brave.
We've been trying to locate your husband.
He's in California on business.
We're getting a divorce.
Where does your nanny live?
Brooklyn.
What were you doing on Staten Island?
I don't know.
You were wearing only one glove
when we found you.
Do you know what happened to the other one?
I don't know.
I want to see Jennie.
I don't know what happened.
I don't remember anything.
Of course, Mr. and Mrs.
Dawson have arguments--
who will have Jennie, how many days,
but it was months ago.
Everything is okay now.
Do you usually babysit Jennie
at your house at night?
No. Mrs. Dawson, she worked late.
I had to go home for my
boys, so I bring Jennie.
- What was Mrs. Dawson's mood?
- Very tired.
She worry a lot.
- About what?
- Her husband?
A boyfriend?
Maybe she has a boyfriend.
She doesn't talk about such things with me.
But, you noticed.
When does she see this guy?
Weeknights, weekends?
Weeknights, maybe.
Weekends she goes to house
in Hamptons with Jennie.
That's all I know.
Okay, thank you for coming in,
Ms. Wiazemsky.
The officer will show you out.
Dawson has a boyfriend, identity unknown.
Good for her.
Her husband has a Smith & Wesson .38
special, duly licensed.
We reached him in San Diego.
He says Ms. Dawson kept custody of
the weapon for self-protection.
Is this going somewhere?
Far as I can tell, this is a car wreck.
Not our business.
The lab found minute traces of
gunpowder residue on her coat.
Underline minute.
Ms. Dawson has no idea
how she ended up on Staten Island.
Maybe the belt parkway was jammed,
she decided to take the long way home.
We checked traffic reports, no traffic jams.
What are you saying happened here?
We don't know. But the
woman has access to a gun.
There's a report of a gunpowder smell.
From a child.
Something for the rest of the class?
The mint wrapper in the ashtray.
English brand, Dover's, black peppermint,
very tangy. An acquired taste.
About $50 a box.
Only one US distributor
with maybe a hundred customers.
So she likes mints.
Unless a murder victim turns up,
this is a car wreck.
What about a murder weapon?
Ms. Dawson had possession of a handgun
licensed to someone she's
legally separated from.
That's a violation right there.
And grounds for a search warrant.
It's ridiculous. Ms. Dawson
wouldn't have a gun in here.
She'd have to get it past security.
You mean the old lady
downstairs knitting a sweater?
Excuse me. I'm Karyn Milner.
I'm the office manager for the division.
What's going on here?
We're executing a search warrant.
The gentleman has a copy.
A gun?
Why on earth are you looking for a gun here?
That's what we do.
We already searched her home.
How well do you know Ms. Dawson?
As well as anybody here.
She's a very honest person.
You happen to know her boyfriend?
Elizabeth rarely discusses her private life.
Meaning, sometimes she does?
Do you mind giving us a couple of minutes?
So, what did she tell you?
I mean, if she's as honest as you say she is,
you shouldn't have a problem answering.
A few days ago, I found her
crying in the ladies' room.
She was upset because she thought
her boyfriend was cheating on her.
Well, any details? Boyfriend's name or...?
No.
I think she was embarrassed
to have even said that much.
Sorry.
I have to get back to my desk.
Unlucky at love. I hope she plays poker.
You see these invoices?
Uh-huh, from a plumbing contractor,
for her house in the Hamptons.
You notice the date? Labor and materials
for work done two Saturdays ago.
A plumber who works weekends.
When the lady of the house is in the house.
"Rob Palnick, Plumbing Contractor...
Tottenville." That's still
on Staten Island, isn't it?
They're keeping me one
more night for observation.
Well, don't rush it. We want you back at 100%.
The earnings estimate has to
be filed by end of the week.
We're still waiting for your signature.
Jack, I told Mr. Troy I'm not signing
until certain issues are addressed.
I know. He showed me your memo.
You should've come to me, Elizabeth.
That would've been a job-terminating move.
You can't actually believe that?
not after all these years with the team.
Did your assistant call you?
The police searched your office this morning.
I heard they also searched your home.
Oh my God. I don't understand
what they're doing.
You should be very careful, Elizabeth.
Get yourself a lawyer.
And never forget, as much as
you help us, we can help you.
Mr. Palnick, it's the police.
Excuse me?
Have you seen Mr. Palnick?
His truck hasn't moved since Tuesday night.
You saw him Tuesday?
I heard him come home
around half past 10:00.
Then I heard his TV go on. Nothing since.
Want to take bets those are
from a .38 Smith & Wesson?
I've told you, I don't remember anything.
- That's not the same as denying it.
- Of course she denies it.
Misplacing her husband's handgun--
- deny or don't remember?
- It was in the lockbox at home.
The lockbox was empty.
I don't understand it.
I didn't kill Rob. I couldn't.
You met him while you were still married?
No. After I was separated. He was...
You want a mint?
No, thank you.
You were saying... about Rob?
He was very kind, very... respectful.
He made me laugh.
You sure you don't want one?
They're real zesty.
They're English, black peppermint.
I had to special order them.
I don't like peppermint.
Can she go on?
Sure.
Uh, he made you laugh?
I'm not saying it was going
to turn into anything,
but... he was the only real person I knew.
And the people at work, your friends--
they're not real?
It's different.
Are you sure don't want
some mints for your daughter?
She doesn't like them.
I don't know why I'm talking to
you, you're not even listening.
We listen. We noticed you left out the part
about being upset Rob was cheating on you.
What are you talking about?
Rob wasn't cheating.
Somebody found you crying
in the executive washroom.
- You deny--
- Yes.
Or don't remember? We can help
fill in the holes for you.
- You drove to Rob's place to confront him.
- No. I don't believe that.
You had an argument, you lost your temper?
- No, it's not possible. I'd remember that.
- Maybe you're blocking it out.
- I don't--
- Enough.
The next word my client says on
record, will be at her arraignment.
Are you sure?
Your bail can be revoked
if you miss even one court appearance.
I can't believe this is happening to me.
Elizabeth, we can't afford to make mistakes.
They have very compelling
circumstantial evidence.
Now, look, I've got
to go back and talk to the ADA.
- Are you going to be all right?
- Yes.
Thanks.
Hello, is Jack Crawley there?
Can you interrupt him? It's very important.
Tell him Elizabeth Dawson
needs to talk to him.
I was at the station on Richmond
Avenue, near Yukon Avenue.
I was filling up my car with gas,
and I saw a silver SUV pull in.
What direction was it coming from?
From the expressway.
That young woman was driving,
the one in the newspaper.
That's why I called the police
when I saw the paper.
And what did the woman do?
She parked near the phone booth.
She used the phone, just for a minute.
Then she got back in her car,
then she drove off.
- What direction?
- Back where she came from.
Toward the expressway to the city.
This was around what time?
10:00, 10:15.
- Can we get you anything?
- Okay.
Dawson would've been on her way to Palnick's
when she pulled into the gas station.
She might have tried calling him.
10:15, he wouldn't have been home yet.
So she turned around, headed back to the city.
This story clears her.
Mr. Nelson, how did you pay for your gas?
Cash-- $10. Self-serve?
Which side of your car is your gas tank?
You don't remember?
Because someone usually
fills it up for you?
You go to the full-service pump.
Your hands...
You keep them flat.
You have arthritis?
It hurts to close them?
That's why you don't pump your own gas.
I do when I have to.
I want to pull some records on Mr. Nelson.
As we head into the closing
minutes before the bell,
one of the strongest performers today
has been Mattawin Corporation,
now up about 3.5%.
That coming on the heels
of a better than expected
earnings estimate for the coming quarter.
And there is the closing bell.
Meaning Mattawin's closing
number for the day is 86 and 5/8.
Bonus time!
Congratulations, everyone.
We worked hard for this.
Worked as a team.
And we can enjoy the rewards as a team.
We've been climbing this mountain,
some of us, for 15 years.
The summit is in sight!
I have been to the top of the mountain,
and I'm here to tell you,
the sky is even bluer than you've dreamed.
If we keep up the hard work,
keep believing in ourselves, in our team,
we'll see those blue skies together.
You'll notice we have
a few bottles of wine over here.
I don't know anything about this,
but our friend Michael Gergen
tells me we have some mighty fine wine.
"Chateau Petrus 1946."
How much is this a bottle?
- $11,000.
- Whoa!
- Are you sure we'll have enough?
- I ordered five cases.
Enjoy everybody.
Phone booth records show a one-minute call
to Palnick's number at 10:17.
The gas station records
show a sale of $10 worth
of gas at around the same time.
The old guy's story checks out.
Ms. Dawson's off the hook.
Charles Berke will be happy.
- Who's Charles Berke?
- He works at Mattawin. Same as Ms. Dawson.
He's an accountant.
Oh-- and he's our witness' son-in-law.
What's the implication here?
That Mattawin's trying
to help a key executive?
Except Nelson's story checks out.
There was a call to Palnick from
the phone at the gas station.
There was a sale of $10 worth of gas.
Then it's a coincidence Mr.
Nelson's son-in-law works for Mattawin.
Except the cashier doesn't
remember Mr. Nelson.
Someone bought $10 worth of gas, but
it might not have been Mr. Nelson.
Is it possible Ms. Dawson did?
That she was laying
the groundwork for her alibi
on her way to killing Mr. Palnick?
We showed her photo to the cashier.
He doesn't remember her or her SUV.
Well, if not Ms. Dawson,
nor Mr. Nelson, then who?
We have no idea.
Except the same day
that Mr. Nelson came to see us,
Mattawin's stock price jumped up 3.5%.
That would make it two coincidences.
One more and it's a conspiracy.
We issued a favorable earnings estimate.
Simple as that. Didn't your
friends at the SEC tell you?
- They did.
- Well, they were right.
They also told us you filed the
estimate on the last possible day.
Was there a problem getting it out?
No, just our legal department
doing the usual due diligence.
Our friends at the SEC sent
us a copy of the estimate.
There's a list of signatures at
the end-- the first name's yours.
Because I'm the CFO.
That's the Chief Financial Officer.
That's right. CFO, CEO...
VPCF.
- I'm not familiar with that acronym.
- Oh, I just made it up.
Yeah, Vice President of Corporate Finance.
That's what Elizabeth Dawson is.
Her signature's on here, too.
It's required by the SEC.
Even though she's accused of murder?
There is a presumption of innocence.
What happens if,
for some reason, Ms. Dawson hadn't signed?
Well then, we couldn't file
the earnings estimate,
and the SEC would want to know why.
There'd be an inquiry.
That's what our friends at the SEC told us.
I tried to read this.
You guys, you make a lot of money.
What is it exactly Mattawin does?
We buy and sell land and water rights.
Buy and sell, land and water
Pretty much covers everything.
It seems that most of your profits
came from your investment
in something called Tuxedo Hill.
Is that some kind of land development?
No. Do you mind?
Just...
- The blueprint for a house?
- Yes.
- Antigua-- is that offshore?
- That's offshore.
I know that's a dirty word these days.
You must be doing well, Mr. Crawley.
I'm not in this for my health.
Are we done here?
Uh-- no. What is Tuxedo Hill?
Our friends at the SEC, they
couldn't tell us anything about it.
The Tuxedo Hill Group
is a special purpose partnership
capitalized by third-party equity
to hedge certain Mattawin assets.
We have no idea what you just said.
I don't have time to give a primer
on capital assets management.
So, if you'll excuse me?
Look at that water.
Is this off the coast of Antigua?
Uh, yeah.
It's paradise.
This is that gorgeous woman
that we met last time, Karyn--
- Karyn Milner.
- Karyn Milner-- Karyn Milner.
Was this at a company picnic?
Uh, no. Ms. Milner and I are engaged.
Now you know the big secret
around the water cooler.
I don't know where that match was made,
but it wasn't in heaven.
What a snake-oil merchant.
The snake oil he's selling is Tuxedo Hill.
He wasn't anxious to give us the recipe.
Well, maybe there's a place
we can find the ingredients--
Internet chat rooms for stock pickers.
I've been trying for a month to get a
straight answer about Tuxedo Hill.
The whole thing doesn't make sense.
Tuxedo Hill's supposed
to use third-party equity--
outside investors—to
protect Mattawin's assets.
But to me, it doesn't look like
those assets are being covered.
And the company rep
told my broker, "Don't worry,
it's probably just an accounting mistake."
Your broker was happy with that explanation?
He told me the company
rep even brought it up
with the VP of Corporate Finance.
Elizabeth Dawson.
Yes, he said she was going to follow up on it.
I don't know what you're
worried about, Mr. Winnick.
Mattawin stock keeps going up.
Yeah, sure, except
I got a little crystal ball
called the credit-protection market.
It's where banks and big lenders go
to buy insurance on their loans.
And the price of insurance on loans
to Mattawin has been going up.
Banks see Mattawin as a bad credit risk?
But are they going to tell
the average man? No way.
These bastards. They're like a bunch
of frat boys playing crooked poker,
only they're using our money.
Maybe some subpoenas will
get us a seat at that poker game.
I looked at all the filings, disclosures
and offerings. The bottom line is,
these outside investors Tuxedo Hill's
supposed to have, they don't exist.
The investors are Mattawin executives
and board members using Mattawin stock.
I don't understand.
All you need to know is,
Mattawin uses Tuxedo Hill
to hide losses and generate paper profits--
which they count as actual profits.
To boost Mattawin stock prices.
Look at it this way, they're taking
air out of the Mattawin balloon,
to fill the Tuxedo Hill balloon, which is
being used to fill the Mattawin balloon.
- They're just pushing hot air around.
- A Ponzi scheme.
Close. The numbers are big--
hundreds of millions.
And this is what they needed
Ms. Dawson to sign off on?
Then it's time to go after
Mattawin and Tuxedo Hill.
And all the other entities
they spun out of Tuxedo Hill.
There's a dozen other companies,
one for each category of assets.
You got mineral rights, residential
real estate, transportation--
- "PoolTrans."
- For Mattawin's fleet.
Cars, trucks, small boats--
We need a search warrant for a private jet.
The DA got every piece of paper
from the regulatory agencies.
Legal says the next wave of subpoenas
will come by the end of the week.
This time, they'll be knocking on our door.
I want to make it clear we
intend to comply with any subpoena.
- Give them everything we have.
- I understand perfectly, Jack.
Everything we have when they
hand us the subpoena.
We'll need to see your
flight manifest for that week.
It's aboard the plane.
- It's a tight fit.
- Fine for me.
Yeah, Tuesday morning I picked up two
passengers in Memphis and flew them here.
- Arrival time was 8:30.
- And Tuesday night?
Back to Memphis with the same two gentlemen.
Departure time was 1:20 a.m.
It's a tight fit in here.
Do you have any mints?
Uh...
Who were these two gentlemen?
Mattawin employees.
- The names aren't noted on the manifest?
- No.
We had instructions to
pick them up in Memphis.
It's Dover's.
These are the Rolls-Royce of mints.
I thought you might stock these.
PoolTrans was on the customer
list the distributor sent us.
What's he going to do?
Look for evidence you
transported two murderers.
She has no memory of pulling
into that gas station.
But, if that's what your witness
said she did, that's what she did.
And the murder charge should be set aside.
That's up to my counterpart on Staten Island.
My concern is something else entirely.
And what is that?
Quid pro quo.
One hand washing the other...?
Mattawin's earnings estimate.
It's your signature.
You traded it for a witness
who'd get you off the hook.
If you're implying
she was suborning perjury--
We know why you wouldn't sign
in the first place.
You knew that Mattawin
was using Tuxedo Hill to "cook the books."
You tried to do the ethical thing...
Then along came this murder rap.
They offered to help you.
"Witness-in-a-can"--
as long as you signed this.
Elizabeth, we don't have to listen to this.
No. They're right.
We are such a crooked company,
we deserve to get caught.
I knew in my gut that I hadn't killed Rob,
but I was desperate.
I was thinking of Jennie.
I called Jack Crawley.
I swear, I did not kill Rob.
We happen to believe you.
It's the mints-- the ones
that you don't like.
The ones from the company jet.
We found the same wrapper in your truck.
Somebody left it there.
The same somebody who knocked you
unconscious outside your nanny's house,
who rolled your car into the ditch--
Who stole the gun from your home...
And shot Rob Palnick.
They planted just enough
evidence to implicate you.
And just enough evidence
to form the basis for an alibi.
You were damned with one
hand and saved with the other,
just to get your signature
on a piece of paper.
Those sons of bitches.
But, we're curious as to the motive
of their financial shenanigans.
Was it to increase the value
of their Mattawin stock?
That wouldn't help them.
They have stock options.
They're locked in. They can't sell
them without letting the SEC know.
And then that would start
a run on the company.
No, it had to be the bonuses.
They get bonuses every time
Mattawin stock hits a target price.
How much, these bonuses?
Walter Troy got $10.5 million.
Jack Crawley, $7.5.
Michael Gergen, $3.3--
for this, they killed Rob!
He never did anything to them.
What were they thinking?!
I doubt they gave it any thought at all.
We need to pry this murder conspiracy apart.
Elizabeth Dawson alone won't get us there.
Her credibility is tainted.
We need another way to get to Jack Crawley.
So far he's been able to insulate himself.
There might be one thing
he left flapping in the wind.
It's what I told you the first time.
She was in the bathroom, she was crying.
She thought her boyfriend was cheating on her.
- Don't you people take notes?
- Ms. Dawson says it never happened.
Why would I lie about something like that?
To make her look guilty.
To give her a motive for
killing her boyfriend.
And why in the world would I do that?
Because your fiancé,
Jack Crawley, asked you to.
Jack is the smartest, most
dedicated man I have ever met.
He built Mattawin into a winner
through hard work and pure business genius.
Not to mention a little smoke, a few mirrors.
If I had any doubts about Mattawin,
I wouldn't have invested my savings, nor
that of my parents, into the company.
That's a cute dog. isn't it cute?
- What's his name?
- Ebit.
Ebit.
Is that because he's such...
An itty-bitty, little doggy?
No. Jack came up with it.
He said it's the first thing
you learn in business school.
It's short for "EBITDA"--
"Earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation"--
"...amortization."
Look at this collar.
It's diamonds. It's stunning.
Yes. Jack surprised me with it.
Well, he has excellent taste.
Yes. But I nearly spoiled the surprise.
How's that?
I walked in on him when he
was ordering it on the phone.
Really? What did you hear him say?
I heard him say that he
wanted to buy a collar.
That's funny.
You heard him on the phone buying a collar.
What's so funny about that?
He was ordering it from a catalog.
Diamonds and dogs. All the
best friends a girl needs.
Crawley bought a lot of collars
the last six months.
He did?
We need material witness warrants
for Jack Crawley and Karyn Milner.
We're throwing them an engagement party.
Well, I made it clear I was happy to
cooperate with your investigation.
The witness warrant was unnecessary.
It was the DA's idea. What can I say?
Please, have a seat.
The questions that I have for you...
Have to do with the way
Mattawin calculates earnings.
I don't know anything about that.
I'm not an accountant.
I don't understand what you need to--
- What's Jack doing here?
- Just listen, Ms. Milner.
... and about the questions being raised
on the way Mattawin calculates profits.
The District Attorney, and the SEC,
they'll all have their accountants,
and we'll have ours.
It'll be "dueling accountants."
And you're saying that you don't understand
how Mattawin calculates earnings?
No, I'm saying that I rely
on what the accountants and auditors tell me.
And they told me it was appropriate.
Don't you read your own financial statements?
I'll let you in on corporate
America's dirty secret--
financial statements are Rubik's Cubes.
Confusion and mystery
are built into the design.
They are meant to be inscrutable, unknowable.
Then how does a guy like me
know what stocks to buy?
Ask your Aunt Minnie.
She knows as much as anyone.
The market is 20% perception, 80% emotion.
Do you think that high tech crashed
because people stopped using
computers? No. It was fear.
It was a bubble.
My dear Detective, it's all a
bubble-- the Dow, the NASDAQ,
the AMEX, it's all one big bubble
that floats on the dreams
and ambitions of every American.
It may contract, it may expand,
but it will never burst,
because of the ingenuity
of the American capitalist.
Wow, you've given me a lot
to think about, Mr. Crawley.
I'll be right back.
This is a smart man you're marrying.
I know.
Would you like to join him?
We're almost done.
Yes, I'd like to.
Have a seat.
We just have a few things to cover.
Ms. Milner heard what you had to say,
and I imagine she had much
the same reaction as I do.
Your words...
Filled me with confidence.
If I had money right now, I'd buy
Mattawin stock. Wouldn't you?
Without a doubt.
That's why you invested
your pension in Mattawin.
You work for a company,
you invest in the company.
- I'm sure all the employees did.
- Of course.
Because management encouraged
you to buy stock--
to lock in the pension plan
in the company's bright future.
Yes.
And you-- you own millions of
dollars of Mattawin stock options?
I don't keep track of their exact worth.
Ts-sss...
But you hold on to those stocks
because, you know, you believe in the company.
And if you sold them,
you'd have to report it to the SEC,
and that would send a terrible signal
out into the investment community.
Yes.
And the only reason why you'd sell
is if you thought Mattawin was in
serious trouble-- which it isn't.
That's correct.
Your fiancée told us you bought
a collar a few months ago.
A dog collar for her dog.
Oh-- yes, no-- of course.
You thought I was talking
about another collar, didn't you?
No, I don't-- no.
It's another new expression
that I've learned--
"buying a collar."
Do you want to explain
to your fiancée what it means?
Maybe I should.
It means collaring your
position on your stock options.
It's a quiet way of dumping your stocks
without sending up a flare
as to what you’re doing.
It's something you've done
a lot of the last six months.
In fact...
You've sold all your Mattawin stock...
For a net profit of $73 million.
He didn't tell you?
Maybe he was waiting for your wedding night.
You sold it all?
Karyn...
You told me to put everything
I had into the company--
everything my parents had.
And all this time you've been selling?
It doesn't matter. We'll be married.
After he makes you sign a pre-nup.
You bastard.
You weasel!
You never even cared about me!
No! No!
He told me to lie to you about Elizabeth.
He set her up!
He said that she wasn't a team player!
A team player?
Yeah-- the team was a lie.
A lie.
Well. Put your hands behind your back, please.
No, look, I can give you names.
Too late. There's the closing bell
The Memphis people. I can get you their names.
Jack Crawley, you're under arrest for murder.
No-- look, I'll give you Walter Troy,
and Michael Gergen. Gergen knew!
Your trading days are over, Mr. Crawley.
No! No, look, you're going to need me!
And what can you offer
to make up for the misery
you prepared to wreak on thousands
of people who trusted you?
What fanatics do to us with guns and bombs,
you tried to do with an accounting trick!
Don't you think for a minute
that you deserve anything better than they do.
I'm going to make an
announcement to the press...
And then I'm going to call my broker.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org